*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport* *OpenMBeanInfoSupport* TheOpenMBeanInfoSupportclass describes the management
 

public class OpenMBeanInfoSupport
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanInfo|
  implements |javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo|

|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Methods|

================================================================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Constructors*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport(String,String,OpenMBeanAttributeInfo[],OpenMBeanConstructorInfo[],OpenMBeanOperationInfo[],MBeanNotificationInfo[])|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport(String,String,OpenMBeanAttributeInfo[],OpenMBeanConstructorInfo[],OpenMBeanOperationInfo[],MBeanNotificationInfo[],Descriptor)|

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.equals(Object)|Compares the specifiedobjparameter with thisOpenMBeanInfoSuppor
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.hashCode()|Returns the hash code value for thisOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstance.
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.toString()|Returns a string representation of thisOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstance

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Description*

TheOpenMBeanInfoSupportclass describes the management information of an open MBean: it is a subclass of 
(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) , and it implements the (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo|) interface. Note that an 
open MBean is recognized as such if itsgetMBeanInfo()method returns an instance of a class which implements the OpenMBeanInfo 
interface, typicallyOpenMBeanInfoSupport. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport(String,String,OpenMBeanAttributeInfo[],OpenMBeanConstructorInfo[],OpenMBeanOperationInfo[],MBeanNotificationInfo[])*

public OpenMBeanInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String className,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo[] openAttributes,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo[] openConstructors,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo[] openOperations,
  javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo[] notifications)

Constructs anOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstance, which describes a class of open MBeans with the 
specifiedclassName,description,openAttributes,openConstructors,openOperationsandnotifications. 

TheopenAttributes,openConstructors,openOperationsandnotificationsarray parameters are internally copied, so that subsequent 
changes to the arrays referenced by these parameters have no effect on this instance. 

    className - The fully qualified Java class name of the open MBean described by this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance. 
    description - A human readable description of the open MBean described by this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance. 
    openAttributes - The list of exposed attributes of the described open MBean; Must be an array of instances of a subclass of {@code 
       MBeanAttributeInfo}, typically {@code OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport}. 
    openConstructors - The list of exposed public constructors of the described open MBean; Must be an array of instances of a subclass of {@code 
       MBeanConstructorInfo}, typically {@code OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport}. 
    openOperations - The list of exposed operations of the described open MBean. Must be an array of instances of a subclass of {@code 
       MBeanOperationInfo}, typically {@code OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport}. 
    notifications - The list of notifications emitted by the described open MBean. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport(String,String,OpenMBeanAttributeInfo[],OpenMBeanConstructorInfo[],OpenMBeanOperationInfo[],MBeanNotificationInfo[],Descriptor)*

public OpenMBeanInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String className,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo[] openAttributes,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo[] openConstructors,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo[] openOperations,
  javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo[] notifications,
  javax.management.Descriptor descriptor)

Constructs anOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstance, which describes a class of open MBeans with the 
specifiedclassName,description,openAttributes,openConstructors,openOperations,notifications, anddescriptor. 

TheopenAttributes,openConstructors,openOperationsandnotificationsarray parameters are internally copied, so that subsequent 
changes to the arrays referenced by these parameters have no effect on this instance. 

    className - The fully qualified Java class name of the open MBean described by this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance. 
    description - A human readable description of the open MBean described by this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance. 
    openAttributes - The list of exposed attributes of the described open MBean; Must be an array of instances of a subclass of {@code 
       MBeanAttributeInfo}, typically {@code OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport}. 
    openConstructors - The list of exposed public constructors of the described open MBean; Must be an array of instances of a subclass of {@code 
       MBeanConstructorInfo}, typically {@code OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport}. 
    openOperations - The list of exposed operations of the described open MBean. Must be an array of instances of a subclass of {@code 
       MBeanOperationInfo}, typically {@code OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport}. 
    notifications - The list of notifications emitted by the described open MBean. 
    descriptor - The descriptor for the MBean. This may be null which is equivalent to an empty descriptor. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specifiedobjparameter with thisOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstance for equality. 

Returnstrueif and only if all of the following statements are true: 

objis non null, objalso implements theOpenMBeanInfointerface, their class names are equal their infos on attributes, 
constructors, operations and notifications are equal 

This ensures that thisequalsmethod works properly forobjparameters which are different implementations of 
theOpenMBeanInfointerface. 


    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this {@code OpenMBeanInfoSupport} instance; 

    Returns: {@code true} if the specified object is equal to this {@code OpenMBeanInfoSupport} instance. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for thisOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstance. 

The hash code of anOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstance is the sum of the hash codes of all elements of information used 
inequalscomparisons (ie: its class name, and its infos on attributes, constructors, operations and notifications, where the 
hashCode of each of these arrays is calculated by a call tonew 
java.util.HashSet(java.util.Arrays.asList(this.getSignature)).hashCode()). 

This ensures thatt1.equals(t2)implies thatt1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode()for any twoOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstancest1andt2, as 
required by the general contract of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 

However, note that another instance of a class implementing theOpenMBeanInfointerface may be equal to 
thisOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstance as defined by (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport|) , but may have a different 
hash code if it is calculated differently. 

AsOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstances are immutable, the hash code for this instance is calculated once, on the first call 
tohashCode, and then the same value is returned for subsequent calls. 



    Returns: the hash code value for this {@code OpenMBeanInfoSupport} instance 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of thisOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (iejavax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport), the MBean 
class name, the string representation of infos on attributes, constructors, operations and notifications of the described MBean 
and the string representation of the descriptor. 

AsOpenMBeanInfoSupportinstances are immutable, the string representation for this instance is calculated once, on the first 
call totoString, and then the same value is returned for subsequent calls. 



    Returns: a string representation of this {@code OpenMBeanInfoSupport} instance 


