*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor* *AnnotationValueVisitor* A visitor of the values of annotation type elements, 

public interface interface AnnotationValueVisitor<R,P>


|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor_Description|
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor_Fields|
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor_Constructors|
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor_Methods|

================================================================================================================================

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor_Methods*
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visit(AnnotationValue)|A convenience method equivalent tov.visit(av, null).
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visit(AnnotationValue,P)|Visits an annotation value.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitAnnotation(AnnotationMirror,P)|Visits an annotation value in an annotatio
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitArray(List<?extendsAnnotationValue>,P)|Visits an array value in an annota
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitBoolean(boolean,P)|Visits abooleanvalue in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitByte(byte,P)|Visits abytevalue in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitChar(char,P)|Visits acharvalue in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitDouble(double,P)|Visits adoublevalue in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitEnumConstant(VariableElement,P)|Visits anenumvalue in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitFloat(float,P)|Visits afloatvalue in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitInt(int,P)|Visits anintvalue in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitLong(long,P)|Visits alongvalue in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitShort(short,P)|Visits ashortvalue in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitString(String,P)|Visits a string value in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitType(TypeMirror,P)|Visits a type value in an annotation.
|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitUnknown(AnnotationValue,P)|Visits an unknown kind of annotation value.

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor_Description*

A visitor of the values of annotation type elements, using a variant of the visitor design pattern. Unlike a standard visitor 
which dispatches based on the concrete type of a member of a type hierarchy, this visitor dispatches based on the type of data 
stored; there are no distinct subclasses for storing, for example,booleanvalues versusintvalues. Classes implementing this 
interface are used to operate on a value when the type of that value is unknown at compile time. When a visitor is passed to a 
value's accept(|javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValue|) method, the visitXYZ method applicable to that value is invoked. 

Classes implementing this interface may or may not throw aNullPointerExceptionif the additional parameterpisnull; see 
documentation of the implementing class for details. 

WARNING: It is possible that methods will be added to this interface to accommodate new, currently unknown, language structures 
added to future versions of the Java programming language. Therefore, visitor classes directly implementing this interface may 
be source incompatible with future versions of the platform. To avoid this source incompatibility, visitor implementations are 
encouraged to instead extend the appropriate abstract visitor class that implements this interface. However, an API should 
generally use this visitor interface as the type for parameters, return type, etc. rather than one of the abstract classes. 



*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visit(AnnotationValue)*

public |R| visit(javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValue av)

A convenience method equivalent tov.visit(av, null). 


    av - the value to visit 

    Returns: a visitor-specified result 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visit(AnnotationValue,P)*

public |R| visit(
  javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValue av,
  P p)

Visits an annotation value. 


    av - the value to visit 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: a visitor-specified result 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitAnnotation(AnnotationMirror,P)*

public |R| visitAnnotation(
  javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationMirror a,
  P p)

Visits an annotation value in an annotation. 


    a - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitArray(List<?extendsAnnotationValue>,P)*

public |R| visitArray(
  java.util.List<? extends javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValue> vals,
  P p)

Visits an array value in an annotation. 


    vals - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitBoolean(boolean,P)*

public |R| visitBoolean(
  boolean b,
  P p)

Visits abooleanvalue in an annotation. 


    b - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitByte(byte,P)*

public |R| visitByte(
  byte b,
  P p)

Visits abytevalue in an annotation. 


    b - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitChar(char,P)*

public |R| visitChar(
  char c,
  P p)

Visits acharvalue in an annotation. 


    c - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitDouble(double,P)*

public |R| visitDouble(
  double d,
  P p)

Visits adoublevalue in an annotation. 


    d - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitEnumConstant(VariableElement,P)*

public |R| visitEnumConstant(
  javax.lang.model.element.VariableElement c,
  P p)

Visits anenumvalue in an annotation. 


    c - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitFloat(float,P)*

public |R| visitFloat(
  float f,
  P p)

Visits afloatvalue in an annotation. 


    f - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitInt(int,P)*

public |R| visitInt(
  int i,
  P p)

Visits anintvalue in an annotation. 


    i - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitLong(long,P)*

public |R| visitLong(
  long i,
  P p)

Visits alongvalue in an annotation. 


    i - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitShort(short,P)*

public |R| visitShort(
  short s,
  P p)

Visits ashortvalue in an annotation. 


    s - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitString(String,P)*

public |R| visitString(
  java.lang.String s,
  P p)

Visits a string value in an annotation. 


    s - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitType(TypeMirror,P)*

public |R| visitType(
  javax.lang.model.type.TypeMirror t,
  P p)

Visits a type value in an annotation. 


    t - the value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 

*javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor.visitUnknown(AnnotationValue,P)*

public |R| visitUnknown(
  javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValue av,
  P p)

Visits an unknown kind of annotation value. This can occur if the language evolves and new kinds of value can be stored in an 
annotation. 


    av - the unknown value being visited 
    p - a visitor-specified parameter 

    Returns: the result of the visit 


