*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager* *ScriptEngineManager* The ScriptEngineManager implements a discovery and instantiation
 mecha

public class ScriptEngineManager
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager_Description|
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager_Fields|
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager_Constructors|
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager_Methods|

================================================================================================================================

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager_Constructors*
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager()|If the thread context ClassLoader can be accessed by the caller,   then the effect of calli
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager(ClassLoader)|This constructor loads the implementations of   ScriptEngineFactory visible to t

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager_Methods*
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.get(String)|Gets the value for the specified key in the Global Scope
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.getBindings()|getBindings returns the value of the globalScope field.
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.getEngineByExtension(String)|Look up and create a ScriptEngine for a given extension.
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.getEngineByMimeType(String)|Look up and create a ScriptEngine for a given mime type.
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.getEngineByName(String)|Looks up and creates a ScriptEngine for a given  name.
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.getEngineFactories()|Returns an array whose elements are instances of all the ScriptEngineFac
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.put(String,Object)|Sets the specified key/value pair in the Global Scope.
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.registerEngineExtension(String,ScriptEngineFactory)|Registers a ScriptEngineFactory to handle
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.registerEngineMimeType(String,ScriptEngineFactory)|Registers a ScriptEngineFactory to handle 
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.registerEngineName(String,ScriptEngineFactory)|Registers a ScriptEngineFactory to handle a la
|javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.setBindings(Bindings)|setBindings stores the specified Bindings  in the globalScope field.

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager_Description*

The ScriptEngineManager implements a discovery and instantiation mechanism for ScriptEngine classes and also maintains a 
collection of key/value pairs storing state shared by all engines created by the Manager. This class uses the service provider 
mechanism to enumerate all the implementations of ScriptEngineFactory. The ScriptEngineManager provides a method to return an 
array of all these factories as well as utility methods which look up factories on the basis of language name, file extension 
and mime type. 

The Bindings of key/value pairs, referred to as the "Global Scope" maintained by the manager is available to all instances of 
ScriptEngine created by the ScriptEngineManager. The values in the Bindings are generally exposed in all scripts. 



*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager()*

public ScriptEngineManager()

If the thread context ClassLoader can be accessed by the caller, then the effect of calling this constructor is the same as 
calling ScriptEngineManager(Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader()). Otherwise, the effect is the same as calling 
ScriptEngineManager(null). 


*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager(ClassLoader)*

public ScriptEngineManager(java.lang.ClassLoader loader)

This constructor loads the implementations of ScriptEngineFactory visible to the given ClassLoader using the service provider 
mechanism. If loader is null, the script engine factories that are bundled with the platform and that are in the usual 
extension directories (installed extensions) are loaded. 

    loader - ClassLoader used to discover script engine factories. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.get(String)*

public |java.lang.Object| get(java.lang.String key)

Gets the value for the specified key in the Global Scope 


    key - The key whose value is to be returned. 

    Returns: The value for the specified key. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.getBindings()*

public |javax.script.Bindings| getBindings()

getBindings returns the value of the globalScope field. ScriptEngineManager sets this Bindings as global bindings for 
ScriptEngine objects created by it. 



    Returns: The globalScope field. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.getEngineByExtension(String)*

public |javax.script.ScriptEngine| getEngineByExtension(java.lang.String extension)

Look up and create a ScriptEngine for a given extension. The algorithm used by getEngineByName is used except that the search 
starts by looking for a ScriptEngineFactory registered to handle the given extension using registerEngineExtension. 


    extension - The given extension 

    Returns: The engine to handle scripts with this extension. Returns null if not found. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.getEngineByMimeType(String)*

public |javax.script.ScriptEngine| getEngineByMimeType(java.lang.String mimeType)

Look up and create a ScriptEngine for a given mime type. The algorithm used by getEngineByName is used except that the search 
starts by looking for a ScriptEngineFactory registered to handle the given mime type using registerEngineMimeType. 


    mimeType - The given mime type 

    Returns: The engine to handle scripts with this mime type. Returns null if not found. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.getEngineByName(String)*

public |javax.script.ScriptEngine| getEngineByName(java.lang.String shortName)

Looks up and creates a ScriptEngine for a given name. The algorithm first searches for a ScriptEngineFactory that has been 
registered as a handler for the specified name using the registerEngineName method. If one is not found, it searches the array 
of ScriptEngineFactory instances stored by the constructor for one with the specified name. If a ScriptEngineFactory is found 
by either method, it is used to create instance of ScriptEngine. 


    shortName - The short name of the ScriptEngine implementation. returned by the getNames method of its ScriptEngineFactory. 

    Returns: A ScriptEngine created by the factory located in the search. Returns null if no such factory was found. The ScriptEngineManager 
             sets its own globalScope Bindings as the GLOBAL_SCOPE Bindings of the newly created ScriptEngine. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.getEngineFactories()*

public |java.util.List|<ScriptEngineFactory> getEngineFactories()

Returns an array whose elements are instances of all the ScriptEngineFactory classes found by the discovery mechanism. 



    Returns: List of all discovered ScriptEngineFactorys. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.put(String,Object)*

public void put(
  java.lang.String key,
  java.lang.Object value)

Sets the specified key/value pair in the Global Scope. 


    key - Key to set 
    value - Value to set. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.registerEngineExtension(String,ScriptEngineFactory)*

public void registerEngineExtension(
  java.lang.String extension,
  javax.script.ScriptEngineFactory factory)

Registers a ScriptEngineFactory to handle an extension. Overrides any such association found using the Discovery mechanism. 


    extension - The extension type to be associated with the ScriptEngineFactory. 
    factory - The class to associate with the given extension. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.registerEngineMimeType(String,ScriptEngineFactory)*

public void registerEngineMimeType(
  java.lang.String type,
  javax.script.ScriptEngineFactory factory)

Registers a ScriptEngineFactory to handle a mime type. Overrides any such association found using the Discovery mechanism. 


    type - The mime type to be associated with the ScriptEngineFactory. 
    factory - The class to associate with the given mime type. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.registerEngineName(String,ScriptEngineFactory)*

public void registerEngineName(
  java.lang.String name,
  javax.script.ScriptEngineFactory factory)

Registers a ScriptEngineFactory to handle a language name. Overrides any such association found using the Discovery mechanism. 


    name - The name to be associated with the ScriptEngineFactory. 
    factory - The class to associate with the given name. 

*javax.script.ScriptEngineManager.setBindings(Bindings)*

public void setBindings(javax.script.Bindings bindings)

setBindings stores the specified Bindings in the globalScope field. ScriptEngineManager sets this Bindings as global bindings 
for ScriptEngine objects created by it. 


    bindings - The specified Bindings 


