*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport* *OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport* Describes an attribute of an open MBe

public class OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanAttributeInfo|
  implements |javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo|

|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Methods|

================================================================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Constructors*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType<?>,boolean,boolean,boolean)|Constructs anOpenM
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType<?>,boolean,boolean,boolean,Descriptor)|Constru
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType<T>,boolean,boolean,boolean,T)|Constructs anOpe
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType<T>,boolean,boolean,boolean,T,Comparable<T>,Comparable<T>)|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType<T>,boolean,boolean,boolean,T,T[])|Constructs a

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.equals(Object)|Compares the specifiedobjparameter with thisOpenMBeanA
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getDefaultValue()|Returns the default value for the attribute describ
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getLegalValues()|Returns an unmodifiable Set of legal values for the 
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getMaxValue()|Returns the maximal value for the attribute described b
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getMinValue()|Returns the minimal value for the attribute described b
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getOpenType()|Returns the open type for the values of the attribute d
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasDefaultValue()|Returnstrueif thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinst
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hashCode()|Returns the hash code value for thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfo
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasLegalValues()|Returnstrueif thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinsta
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasMaxValue()|Returnstrueif thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasMinValue()|Returnstrueif thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.isValue(Object)|Tests whetherobjis a valid value for the attribute  d
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.toString()|Returns a string representation of thisOpenMBeanAttributeI

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Description*

Describes an attribute of an open MBean. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType<?>,boolean,boolean,boolean)*

public OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType<?> openType,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs)

Constructs anOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance, which describes the attribute of an open MBean with the 
specifiedname,openTypeanddescription, and the specified read/write access properties. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    isReadable - {@code true} if the attribute has a getter exposed for management. 
    isWritable - {@code true} if the attribute has a setter exposed for management. 
    isIs - {@code true} if the attribute's getter is of the form isXXX. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType<?>,boolean,boolean,boolean,Descriptor)*

public OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType<?> openType,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs,
  javax.management.Descriptor descriptor)

Constructs anOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance, which describes the attribute of an open MBean with the 
specifiedname,openType,description, read/write access properties, andDescriptor. 

Thedescriptorcan contain entries that will define the values returned by certain methods of this class, as explained in the 
(|null|) . 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    isReadable - {@code true} if the attribute has a getter exposed for management. 
    isWritable - {@code true} if the attribute has a setter exposed for management. 
    isIs - {@code true} if the attribute's getter is of the form isXXX. 
    descriptor - The descriptor for the attribute. This may be null which is equivalent to an empty descriptor. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType<T>,boolean,boolean,boolean,T)*

public OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType<T> openType,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs,
  T defaultValue)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs anOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance, which describes the attribute of an open MBean with the 
specifiedname,openType,descriptionanddefaultValue, and the specified read/write access properties. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    isReadable - {@code true} if the attribute has a getter exposed for management. 
    isWritable - {@code true} if the attribute has a setter exposed for management. 
    isIs - {@code true} if the attribute's getter is of the form isXXX. 
    defaultValue - must be a valid value for the {@code openType} specified for this attribute; default value not supported for {@code ArrayType} 
       and {@code TabularType}; can be null, in which case it means that no default value is set. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType<T>,boolean,boolean,boolean,T,Comparable<T>,Comparable<T>)*

public OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType<T> openType,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs,
  T defaultValue,
  java.lang.Comparable<T> minValue,
  java.lang.Comparable<T> maxValue)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs anOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance, which describes the attribute of an open MBean, with the 
specifiedname,openType,description,defaultValue,minValueandmaxValue. 

It is possible to specify minimal and maximal values only for an open type whose values areComparable. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    isReadable - {@code true} if the attribute has a getter exposed for management. 
    isWritable - {@code true} if the attribute has a setter exposed for management. 
    isIs - {@code true} if the attribute's getter is of the form isXXX. 
    defaultValue - must be a valid value for the {@code openType} specified for this attribute; default value not supported for {@code ArrayType} 
       and {@code TabularType}; can be null, in which case it means that no default value is set. 
    minValue - must be valid for the {@code openType} specified for this attribute; can be null, in which case it means that no minimal value 
       is set. 
    maxValue - must be valid for the {@code openType} specified for this attribute; can be null, in which case it means that no maximal value 
       is set. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType<T>,boolean,boolean,boolean,T,T[])*

public OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType<T> openType,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs,
  T defaultValue,
  T[] legalValues)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs anOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance, which describes the attribute of an open MBean with the 
specifiedname,openType,description,defaultValueandlegalValues, and the specified read/write access properties. 

The contents oflegalValuesare copied, so subsequent modifications of the array referenced bylegalValueshave no impact on 
thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    isReadable - {@code true} if the attribute has a getter exposed for management. 
    isWritable - {@code true} if the attribute has a setter exposed for management. 
    isIs - {@code true} if the attribute's getter is of the form isXXX. 
    defaultValue - must be a valid value for the {@code openType} specified for this attribute; default value not supported for {@code ArrayType} 
       and {@code TabularType}; can be null, in which case it means that no default value is set. 
    legalValues - each contained value must be valid for the {@code openType} specified for this attribute; legal values not supported for {@code 
       ArrayType} and {@code TabularType}; can be null or empty. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specifiedobjparameter with thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance for equality. 

Returnstrueif and only if all of the following statements are true: 

objis non null, objalso implements theOpenMBeanAttributeInfointerface, their names are equal their open types are equal their 
access properties (isReadable, isWritable and isIs) are equal their default, min, max and legal values are equal. 

This ensures that thisequalsmethod works properly forobjparameters which are different implementations of 
theOpenMBeanAttributeInfointerface. 

Ifobjalso implements (|javax.management.DescriptorRead|) , then its getDescriptor()(|javax.management.DescriptorRead|) method 
must also return the same value as for this object. 


    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this {@code OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport} instance. 

    Returns: {@code true} if the specified object is equal to this {@code OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport} instance. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getDefaultValue()*

public |java.lang.Object| getDefaultValue()

Returns the default value for the attribute described by thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance, if specified, 
ornullotherwise. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getLegalValues()*

public |java.util.Set|<?> getLegalValues()

Returns an unmodifiable Set of legal values for the attribute described by thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance, if 
specified, ornullotherwise. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getMaxValue()*

public |java.lang.Comparable|<?> getMaxValue()

Returns the maximal value for the attribute described by thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance, if specified, 
ornullotherwise. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getMinValue()*

public |java.lang.Comparable|<?> getMinValue()

Returns the minimal value for the attribute described by thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance, if specified, 
ornullotherwise. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getOpenType()*

public |javax.management.openmbean.OpenType|<?> getOpenType()

Returns the open type for the values of the attribute described by thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasDefaultValue()*

public boolean hasDefaultValue()

Returnstrueif thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance specifies a non-null default value for the described 
attribute,falseotherwise. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance. 

The hash code of anOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance is the sum of the hash codes of all elements of information used 
inequalscomparisons (ie: its name, its open type, its default, min, max and legal values, and its Descriptor). 

This ensures thatt1.equals(t2)implies thatt1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode()for any twoOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstancest1andt2, 
as required by the general contract of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 

However, note that another instance of a class implementing theOpenMBeanAttributeInfointerface may be equal to 
thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance as defined by (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport|) , but may 
have a different hash code if it is calculated differently. 

AsOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstances are immutable, the hash code for this instance is calculated once, on the first call 
tohashCode, and then the same value is returned for subsequent calls. 



    Returns: the hash code value for this {@code OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport} instance 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasLegalValues()*

public boolean hasLegalValues()

Returnstrueif thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance specifies a non-null set of legal values for the described 
attribute,falseotherwise. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasMaxValue()*

public boolean hasMaxValue()

Returnstrueif thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance specifies a non-null maximal value for the described 
attribute,falseotherwise. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasMinValue()*

public boolean hasMinValue()

Returnstrueif thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance specifies a non-null minimal value for the described 
attribute,falseotherwise. 



*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.isValue(Object)*

public boolean isValue(java.lang.Object obj)

Tests whetherobjis a valid value for the attribute described by thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance. 


    obj - the object to be tested. 

    Returns: {@code true} if {@code obj} is a valid value for the parameter described by this {@code OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport} 
             instance, {@code false} otherwise. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of thisOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (i.e.javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport), 
the string representation of the name and open type of the described parameter, the string representation of its default, min, 
max and legal values and the string representation of its descriptor. 

AsOpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupportinstances are immutable, the string representation for this instance is calculated once, on the 
first call totoString, and then the same value is returned for subsequent calls. 



    Returns: a string representation of this {@code OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport} instance. 


